# credit-risk-classification
Using python, supervised machine learning algorithms, and a dataset of historical lending activity from a peer-to-peer lending services company to build a model that can identify the creditworthiness of borrowers
- - -
## Background
In this Challenge, you’ll use various techniques to train and evaluate a model based on loan risk. You’ll use a dataset of historical lending activity from a peer-to-peer lending services company to build a model that can identify the creditworthiness of borrowers.

## Instructions
The instructions for this Challenge are divided into the following subsections:

- Split the Data into Training and Testing Sets

- Create a Logistic Regression Model with the Original Data

- Predict a Logistic Regression Model with Resampled Training Data

- Write a Credit Risk Analysis Report

### Write a Credit Risk Analysis Report
Write a brief report that includes a summary and analysis of the performance of the machine learning models that you used in this homework. You should write this report as the `README.md` file included in your GitHub repository.

Structure your report by using the report template that `Starter_Code.zip` includes, ensuring that it contains the following:

1. **An overview of the analysis:** Explain the purpose of this analysis.

2. **The results:** Using a bulleted list, describe the accuracy score, the precision score, and recall score of the machine learning model.

3. **A summary:** Summarize the results from the machine learning model. Include your justification for recommending the model for use by the company. If you don’t recommend the model, justify your reasoning.

### Write a Credit Risk Analysis Report (20 points)
To receive all points, you must:

- Provide an overview that explains the purpose of this analysis. (5 points)

- Using a bulleted list, describe the accuracy, precision, and recall scores of the machine learning model. (5 points)

- Summarize the results from the machine learning model. Include your justification for recommending the model for use by the company. If you don’t recommend the model, justify your reasoning. (10 points)

- - -
## References
Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.